all right so if you guys have the maybe
a big size notebook and use it as a
desktop replacement you're going to love
this check this out this is really cool
this is the van tech it's actually
called the MBA 100 you 5.1 USB audio
adapter this is pretty much a sound card
in a little tiny box it's extremely
affordable and what you do is you plug
it in USB you install their drivers in
their little software packet and what it
does is it gives you six channels of
audio it gives you 5.1 surround sound
and it's great for people have notebooks
it's great for people that have a let's
say have a computer right and say you
got a bunch of video cards in there you
have no space for a sound card and your
motherboard for whatever reason does not
offer a surround sound audio you plug
this baby in it's very very affordable I
can't tell you the price because it
might be even cheaper if you see this
video a year from now but extremely
affordable and it does give you 5.1 it
is usable for desktops like I just
mentioned but I think more than anybody
it's gonna figure using little little
notebooks netbooks stuff like that or if
you have a big one that's a have a 17
inch notebook and use it as a desktop
replacement it kind of sticks around in
your house you know it's great you get
one of those uh one of those laptop
coolers has a USB hub on the back you
plug this in and then you plug your five
channel speakers into this and then as
soon as you come home you plug in that
USB you automatically have surround
sound you watch TVs on it you can watch
movies did I say TVs that's pretty funny
huh a funny that you're like that funny
Alfred it's funny huh by the way
everybody alfred is filming today very
weird so if you get sick write him an
email
Alfred eh I said Alfred acecomm I don't
know whatever so let's move on let me
talk about this thing actually no they
pull it out of here let me show you what
it's like because it is very small very
compact and like I said it's going to be
very useful to a lot of people because
it is quite affordable now my first
gripe with it is its packaging is
dangerous man surprise that my fingers
are still attached alright so here it is
you can see it is very small see when I
pull little things out like this offer
this is where you zoom in a little bit
you have to go crazy but alright so as
you can see you got a power button
actually this is an indicator light to
show you that it's on you have plus and
minus for your volume and then your a
notice that right through here you have
all your inputs for your five surround
sounds so this is a this is your rear is
your center in your sub woofer and this
is your front now over here something
very interesting your nurse it says line
in that line in right there's actually
four mono lining and then this is Mike
and this is stereo in so you can
actually input more audio through here
and have multiple channels so another
thing it's actually kind of impressive
about this thing is if you're using this
for your microphone and you're using
this for something else you can actually
input more than one audio into your
computer because this is completely
separate if you already have a video
card or you already have a mic in the
USB is completely separate from the rest
of the audio so this could actually add
a lot of utility to your computer now
another thing it's very important that
this little device does it has a chip
inside that can automatically pretty
much change the format of your audio
it'll up sample it from two channels to
5.1 channels it will do like a Virtual
Surround
which is actually great and again it
does add that second card or it acts as
a second card so that gives you a lot of
versatility you can have a stereo
playing outside some music for your
guests and then you can be in your room
playing music at the same time different
things is which actually really cool so
again it's great for people laptops and
desktop replacements that are using
laptops it's easy
it's got simple software it's very
affordable it's the van tech MBA 100 you
5.1 audio USB adapter if you have any
questions on it email me see you guys
next time
good job Alfred for more information on
the van Tech MBA 100 you USB 5.1 audio
adapter type in v13 - 3 3 5 oh into the
search engine of any of these major
retailers for computertv i'm albert
[Music]
you